Improves documentation of Bento (#123)
Babylonpartners/Bento: README.md

#### Box 📦

> `Box ` is a fundamental component of the library, essentially a virtual representation of the `UITableView` content. It has two generic parameters - `SectionId` and `RowId` - which are unique identifiers for  `Section<SectionId, RowId>` and `Node<RowId>`, used by the [diffing engine](https://github.com/RACCommunity/FlexibleDiff) to perform animated changes of the `UITableView` content. Box it's just a wrapper around array of sections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Box ` is a fundamental component of the library, essentially a virtual representation of the `UITableView` content. It has two generic parameters - `SectionId` and `RowId` - which are unique identifiers for  `Section<SectionId, RowId>` and `Node<RowId>`, used by the [diffing engine](https://github.com/RACCommunity/FlexibleDiff) to perform animated changes of the `UITableView` content. Box is just a wrapper around an array of sections.
```

> `Box ` is a fundamental component of the library, essentially a virtual representation of the `UITableView` content. It has two generic parameters - `SectionId` and `RowId` - which are unique identifiers for  `Section<SectionId, RowId>` and `Node<RowId>`, used by the [diffing engine](https://github.com/RACCommunity/FlexibleDiff) to perform animated changes of the `UITableView` content. Box it's just a wrapper around array of sections.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Box ` is a fundamental component of the library, essentially a virtual representation of the `UITableView` content. It has two generic parameters - `SectionId` and `RowId` - which are unique identifiers for  `Section<SectionId, RowId>` and `Node<RowId>`, used by the [diffing engine](https://github.com/RACCommunity/FlexibleDiff) to perform animated changes of the `UITableView` content. Box is just a container for an array of sections.
```

    higherThan: AdditionPrecedence
}

infix operator |-+: SectionConcatenationPrecedence
infix operator |-?: SectionConcatenationPrecedence
infix operator |---+: NodeConcatenationPrecedence
infix operator |---?: NodeConcatenationPrecedence

let bento = Box.empty
	|-+ Section(id: SectionID.first) // 2
	|---+ Node(id: RowID.someId, Component()) // 1
```

> As you might have noticed:

Author: `<>` has been removed from the codebase

    higherThan: AdditionPrecedence
}

infix operator |-+: SectionConcatenationPrecedence
infix operator |-?: SectionConcatenationPrecedence
infix operator |---+: NodeConcatenationPrecedence
infix operator |---?: NodeConcatenationPrecedence

let bento = Box.empty
	|-+ Section(id: SectionID.first) // 2

> 	|---+ Node(id: RowID.someId, Component()) // 1

Reviewer: ~Out of curiosity, why the numbers?~ nevermind, just scrolled down 😊

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> 

Author: This hasn't worked. I had submodules issues when I installed it with the carthage. I think it's better to remove it for now.
